[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law,
intending to destroy a Devil
Fruit Factory in Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR]
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile, Zoro has
his hands full with Pica.
Dressrosa belongs to
the Don Quixote Family!
Gutless bastard!
He's trying to kill the king!
[MARINES scream]
I've got your back,
Riku, my friend.
[ZORO]
Hey! King Punch Guy!
[ELIZABELLO]
Well?
[ZORO]
Give me two minutes.
[PICA]
King Riku, you there?
[ZORO] Plan 5. Fly in
the sky and chop him up!
Yep, that's the one.
[LUFFY]
"A Decisive Battle in Midair!
Zoro's New Special
Secret Technique Blasts!"
[TOWNSPEOPLE scream]
[screams]
[BOTH scream]
This looks dire!
Grandfather's up there!
Mr. Sniper King! Just run away!
Hey, Pirate Hunter!
Don't make me wait too long!
[ZORO]
Yo, Two-by-Four!
If you mean "Commodore,"
that's me!
[ZORO] Yeah, whatever.
You're the guy that threw
that other guy like
a cannonball, right?
Huh?
Get smashed like a bug, Riku!
[chuckles]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Yeah! Go, Pica!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE 719A]
Whatcha waiting for?
We wanna see
their bones shatter!
Stop him, men!
Open fire!
[PICA]
Huh?
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINE 719A]
R-Retreat!
[MARINE 719B]
Run!
[TOWNSPEOPLE scream]
Halt, Pica!
It is I you want! Face me!
Do not put my people through
any more needless havoc!
Quickly! Lead them away.
[TANK]
Yes, sir! Everybody!
It's time to flee!
You must get off the plateau!
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
Everyone has exited!
It's your turn now!
Father! Hurry up!
Viola! And Tank!
Lead everyone to safety!
He's only after me! Just go!
You don't have to do this.
King Riku! Come with us!
I can't. This may be
the only opportunity.
I am at peace with
my choice. Now go, Tank.
Is there no other way?
How sweet! Well, if that's
what you really want,
I won't complain!
[chuckles]
[cries] His hand is like
the size of an entire city!
What the hell?
Pirate Hunter? Orlumbus?
What are you two plotting?
You're certain
you wish to do this?
This technique is not meant
for throwing someone safely.
C'mon, Carnivore. Just throw me!
[laughs] I'm gonna flatten the
plateau and you along with it!
[ALL scream]
That bastard!
He's only going after
those who won't fight back.
You ready?
Yeah!
[ORLUMBUS grunting]
[PICA]
Riku! You're no king!
You're not cut out
to lead anyone!
Commodore...
Huh?
[PICA]
If you won't run,
neither will we!
We stand with King Riku!
[TOWNSPEOPLE shouting]
[PICA] Aww, Riku!
Did your sheep forgive you
for that decade-long
misunderstanding?
[DOLDO]
What are you all doing here?
Get out while you can!
[TOWNSPEOPLE shouting]
[laughs] What a joke!
How's a pacifist like you
gonna protect your kingdom?
You couldn't even save
your own reputation, Riku!
A kingdom's strength
lies in its military might!
You know nothing
about true authority!
I'll crush you!
I'll crush it all!
Die! King Riku!
[screams] The town is
gonna pulverize me!
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasping]
[ORLUMBUS]
Killer... Bowling!
[DOLDO]
What you say is true!
I failed to protect my kingdom.
I will never sit upon
that throne again!
[TOWNSPEOPLE shouting]
However. To the bitter end,
I will remain true!
Nine mountains and
eight seas make one world!
[ZORO] One thousand worlds
make one chiliocosm!
One chiliocosm to
the power of three.
And there's nothing I can't cut!
[ZORO] Three-Sword Style
Secret Technique!
Are you naive, or what?
If the only means
for me to survive
is becoming a
cold-blooded killer,
then I fearlessly choose death!
There is no future for
a nation of slaughter!
King Riku! We all proudly
stand behind you!
[laughs] Why do you think
so many do-gooders
are lost to history?
They always die off before
leaving a mark on the world!
[screams]
The Billion-fold World...
Trichiliocosm!
[screams]
[ALL gasp]
[ZORO]
Good! He's in the top half.
Roronoa!
[PICA gasps]
[VIOLET gasps]
[BOTH gasp]
[gasps] Go, Zoro!
[ZORO]
Dead stones. Moving stones.
It seems like his real
body is shifting to
one of the newly sliced pieces.
And every time I split him,
the other side dies off.
[BOTH gasping]
[ZORO] As long as he's up here,
he can't burrow in the ground.
Come on out, Pica!
How long ya' gonna
keep hiding from me?
[PICA]
So, by cornering me...
...you must think you've won!
You've got it all figured out?
Just cut some stones
and you can defeat me, huh?
Well, good luck cutting
through my Haki, you moron!
A Haki user?
Once I pound you
into the ground,
it's all over for you!
[ZORO]
Heh. That's bold.
You must really think that
your Haki can out power mine.
[PICA]
Of course mine's stronger!
When will you learn
you're no match for me?!
[ZORO chuckles]
[ZORO] I used to be
as short-sighted as you.
Huh?
You wouldn't kill a fly
with a cannon, would you?
This should be
more than adequate.
[ZORO]
Oni Giri!
Huh?
There's no way our skills
are this far apart!
This can't be happening!
[ZORO groans]
[MIHAWK]
Why not retreat?
I'd rather die than give up!
I see. State your name.
Roronoa Zoro!
[MIHAWK]
I'll remember it.
I've not seen your
strength in some time.
So, as swordsman's courtesy,
you shall perish to the
world's finest black blade.
[ZORO] Three-Sword Style
Secret Technique!
[ZORO]
Three Thousand Worlds!
I've lost.
[ZORO] Never in my life
did I imagine I'd lose.
[MIHAWK] It's still far
too early for you to die.
My name is Hawkeye Mihawk!
You're quite remarkable,
but there is much
for you to learn.
Hone your skills!
[MIHAWK] Then seek me out!
Roronoa Zoro!
I don't have any more
time to waste
on a pebble like you!
Take that back!
[yells]
Nine mountains and eight seas,
there's nothing I can't cut!
[PICA]
Rot in hell, Roronoa Zoro!
[ZORO]
Three Thousand Worlds!
Now quit pickin' on
the innocent, will ya?
What an upstanding guy! Wow!
Ahh! Zoro!
[BOTH cheer]
He really did it!
It's over. He saved
my friend, Riku!
Huh? [screams]
Oh crap! His remains
are still falling!
We're all gonna die!
[TOWNSPEOPLE scream]
Rescue me. Zoro!
[screaming]
[ZORO]
That's your cue!
All right! King Punch!
[sighs] That was close.
[screams]
[pants] How dare you.
Tricking me into using the
King Punch for custodial labor?
You'll regret this,
you disrespectful punk!
[ORLUMBUS laughs]
That settles that.
[NARRATOR]
After the fall of Pica,
a top Don Quixote Executive,
only two targets remain!
However, Luffy has his
hands full with Bellamy,
who refuses to back down
as a matter of pride.
Running out of patience,
Luffy must make a decision
so he can finally face off
against Doflamingo.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"So Long!
Bellamy's Farewell Blow!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!